# Example Forest Plot
The purpose of this project is to create a completely open and sustainable workflow for aggregating assessment data forms, summarizing these data, and generating a forest plot. This plot will be used for reporting assessment data pertaining to student learning in the General Education program at Ferris State University. All data, R scripts, and reports will be housed in this repo and shared via a site in the Open Science Framework [http://osf.io/t6u8m].  

### File Descriptions ###
* **README.md** = this file
* **/art** = a folder containing all figures from the report that are *not* generated by the .Rmd file.
* **/art/process.pdf** = The data process diagram.
* **/art/logo.png** = The Ferris State University logo for the report headers.
* **BIOL200Data.csv** = de-identified data for thirteen semesters of student data from a 200-level Biology course.
* **dataCodeBook.md** = The codebook describing the structure of the data file for the project.
* **Gen_Ed_Report_16-01.Rnw** = A Sweave file that generates the report using the dataset.
* **Gen_Ed_Report_16-01.tex** = An intermediary LaTeX file generated by the noweb (.Rnw) file as the report is generated.
* **Gen_Ed_Report_16-01.pdf** = The actual report file generated.
* **references.bib** = A bibtex file containing all the references for the report.
* **/figure** = a folder containing all the figures for the report that are automatically made by the .Rmd file.
* **/figure/barplot.pdf** = A stacked bar plot showing rubric score distribution by semester.
* **/figure/forest.pdf** = The forest plot of class performance by semester.
* **/figure/histogram.pdf** = A histogram of the student rubric scores.
* **SelfArx.cls** = A LaTeX class file for the report template.
